
According to the National Institute of Fitness, people have been using marijuana or cannabis to treat their health problems for at least 3,000 years.
However, the Food and Drug Administration does not consider hashish to be safe or effective for any scientific medical condition, although cannabidiol, 
a compound found in hashish, was approved in June 2018 as a treatment for some forms of epilepsy.
The Supreme Green is a <a href="https://thesupremegreen.com/" >Calgary cannabis delivery </a> that provides same day delivery on all orders, we are located in Calgary,
AB and Red Deer as well as service surrounding townships! Our company provides the highest quality products served by our highly qualified & knowledgeable staff, who 
are devoted to creating the best and easiest online cannabis service. His concerns, in addition to the widespread belief that cannabis is an effective treatment for 
a wide variety of diseases and the loss of scientific understanding of its effects, are now somewhat exacerbated by legalization.
Twenty-nine states, plus the District of Columbia, have now made hashish available for scientific purposes and, in several states, for recreational purposes.
A recent study published in the journal also shows that cannabis use is on the rise in the Canada, although this increase has nothing to do with the legalization of hashish in participating states. 
however, this increase in consumption leads to serious public health problems. In this script, we’ll examine the medical evidence that outweighs the medical benefits of cannabis against the associated health risks to answer this simple question: 
is cannabis good or bad?
Years of research have produced results showing that cannabis can be helpful in treating certain situations. they are listed below.
By the end of the year, a comprehensive review by the National Academies of Science,
Technology and Medicine evaluated more than 10,000 scientific studies examining the clinical benefits and negative effects of cannabis. 
One area the report drew attention to was the use of medicinal cannabis to treat persistent pain. Chronic pain is the leading cause of disability affecting
more than 25 million adults in the Canada. Alcohol, like cannabis, effectively relieves persistent pain. 
Today, marijuana is being reassessed culturally and criminally after being considered an illegal substance for decades. 
Recent surveys show that a majority of Canada citizens support the legalization of marijuana for clinical or recreational use.
As a result, many states have legalized marijuana for medical, recreational, or both. 
However, some researchers and lawmakers want more medical evidence about the exact benefits of marijuana. 
In addition to additional research, there are concerns that in some cases, the potential risks of marijuana outweigh the benefits. Do you want to know all the benefits 
of this much-discussed substance? We list some of the most studied benefits, as well as some of the problems. In the same way that artificial pills can help some 
conditions but not others, marijuana is not a one-size-fits-all solution. It is the concept that the benefits of marijuana come from certain compounds called cannabinoids
, including cannabidiol (CBD). CBD is one of the most studied cannabinoids in marijuana. CBD is also found in all other related plants known as hemp. One of the main
differences between CBD and marijuana is that the former contains only small amounts of the cannabinoid tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). This compound is known for its
hallucinogenic effects on the brain. Cannabis plants can also contain up to 40% CBD. CBD is said to have an anti-inflammatory effect on the critical nervous system.
This can bring some benefits in the frame. However, concerns remain about the results of THC in regular marijuana. This is because it can have uplifting or depressing 
effects in some people, which can lead to other effects as well.
